[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Remember when I
discussed dynamic scope earlier?
I was talking about this
comparison to lexical scope, and
lexical scope is an author time thing.
Why don't I give you a depiction, a quick
sort of theoretical depiction of what
Dynamic scope would be, just so
you have this contrast in your mind.
Again, this is theoretical.
This doesn't exist in JavaScript.
But, if we had dynamic scoping inside
of the function foo here on line two.
On line three,
when we reference a variable bar,
we can clearly say lexically
the bar does not exist.
But, if dynamic scoping were the model
that JavaScript used, it will not look for
where the code was written, but
it instead would look at the call stack.
It would say,
does function foo have a bar?
If not,
where was function foo called from?
So it'd walk one step up
the call stack and it would say,
well I was called from baz.
So it would look at the scope of
baz to see if there was a variable.
And that should look bizarre to you.
It should feel awkward and unnatural,
like something really strange is going on.
That's because it's a totally
different model for
scoping than what we've all learned.
We've all learned lexical.
Now, if you had never learned lexical
scoping and you had only ever written
dynamically scoped languages,
this wouldn't feel so weird and unnatural.
It's not that one is right and
the other one's wrong.
There's a reason why lexical scoping
is like 99.9% of all languages cuz it's
probably superior in some ways, but the
perfectly valid models are just different.
And the key distinction,
the key comparison that I want you to
take away from this is the decision for
how scoping works in dynamic
scoping is a runtime decision.
As opposed to in lexical sculpting
it's an author time decision.
So keep that distinction.
The author time versus
run time distinction.
And that will be important when we talk
about the this keyword after lunch.